AB#721 add documentation (#5)
edgelesssys/ego.dev: content/docs/tasks/debugging.md

---
title: "Debugging"
date: 2021-04-21T16:28:16+05:30
draft: false
weight: 2
---

# Debugging

> EGo executables can be debugged inside as well as outside of enclaves. Depending on the task, you may prefere the on or the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EGo executables can be debugged inside as well as outside of enclaves. Depending on the task, you may prefer the one or the other.
```
